What are folk songs big brother?
Well...These are songs that have been passed down from generation to generation...
They can help us learn a little 
Bit about our history.
We need someone to play the music for us.
And schroeder is away for the next few weeks.
Have no fear...Snoopy is here! I'll be right back.
What's Snoopy doing in his dog house?
Look what Snoopy Brought out. What in the world is THAT?
I have here what I like to call my magical music machine.
This machine can create all kinds of musical sounds here see if you can guess which instrument this is...
That sounds like a "Harmonica!"
That sounds like a "Xylophone!" Gee that's fantastic.
I thought you'd be impressed. 
I can even make a sound like the one you hear on a merry-go-round!
And I can put all kinds of sounds to gether to produce all kinds of music.
Hey, everybody. Snoopy's solved our problem. Let's go get the sheet music and we'll practice with him right away.
Ladies and gentleman. Boys and girls, we'd like to present some folk songs that also tell a little bit about history of our country.
It all began hundreds of years ago. First came the explorers...and then come people looking for new freedoms...

Sailing, Sailing

Sailing... Sailing...
Over the bounding main

For many a stormy wind shall blow
'Ere jack comes home again

Sailing...sailing...
Over the bounding main

For many a stormy wind shall blow 
'Ere Jack comes home again!

Then. In 1776 The new americans fought their war of independence.

Yankee Doodle Dandy

Yankee Doodle went to town a riding on a pony 
Stuck a feather in his hat and called it macaroni

Yankee Doodle keep it up. Yankee Doodle dandy 
Mind the music and the step and with the girls be handy

Father and I went down to camp along with 
Captain Goodin
There were all the men and bowys as thick as 
hasty puddin'

Yankee Doodle keep it up. Yankee Doodle dandy
Mind the music and the step and with the girls 
be handy

And there was Captain Washington upon a slapping stallion
Giving orders to his men, I guess there were a million

Yankee Doodle keep it up. Yankee Doodle dandy
Mind the music and the step and with the girls 
be handy

Yankee Doodle is a tune
That comes in mighty handy
The enemy all runs away
At Yankee Doodle Dandy

Yankee Doodle keep it up
Yankee Doodle dandy
Mind the music and the step
and with the girls be handy!

So a new country was born full of excitment
and vigor, and many of the folk songs caught the fun and spirit of america.

Turkey in the straw

As I was going down the road
With a tired team and a heavy load
I cracked my whip and the leader sprung
I says "day day" to the wagon tongue

Turkey in the straw, turkey in the hay
Roll 'em up and twist 'em up a high tuck-a-haw
And hit 'em up a tune called turkey in the straw

Met Mr. Catfish coming down the stream 
Says Mr. Catfish "what does you mean?
Caught Mr. Catfish by the snout
And turned Mr. Catfish wrong side out

Turkey in the straw, turkey in the hay
Roll 'em up and twist 'em up a high tuck-a-haw
And hit 'em up a tune called turkey in the straw!

For the next sixty years americans started a western migration form the original 13 colonies on the east coast to the Pacific ocean.
This was climaxed by the california gold rush in 1848 thousands of people came from all over the world.

Sweet Betsy from Pike

Did you ever tell of 
Sweet Betsy from Pike
Who crossed the prairies
With her husband Ike

With two yoke of cattle
And one spotted hog
A tall Shang-hai rooster
An old yaller dog

Sing too-ral-ioo-ral-ioo-ral-i-ay
Sing too-ral-ioo-ral-ioo-ral-i-ay!

Then our new nation-not even a hundred years old. was tested in a might civil war...

Dixie

I wish I was in the land of cotton
Old times tere are not forgotten
Look away, look away
Look away Dixieland

Oh I shish I was in Dixie
Hooray, hooray
In dixieland I'll take my stand
To live and die in Dixie
Away, away
Away down south in Dixie
Away, away
Away down south in Dixie!

Battle Hymn

Mine eyes have seen the glory 
Of the coming of the Lord
He is trampling out the vintage
Where the grapes of wrath are stored

He hath loos'd the fatefull lighting
of his terrible swift sword
His truth is marching on

Glory, glory, hallelujah
Glory, glory, hallelujah
Glory, glory, hallelujah
His truth is marching on.

After the civil war it was time to rebuild the country the transcountinental railroad linked the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.
Railroads were build all over America...One of our folk heros was a railroad working called John Henry.

John Henry

John Henry said to his captain
A man ain't nothing but a man 
And before I'll let your 
Stream drill beat me down I'll

Die with the hammer in my hand, Lawd, Lawd
Die with the hammer in my hand!

John Henry got a thirty pound hammer 
Beside the stream drill he did stand
He beat the stream drill
Three inches down

An died with the hammer in his hand, 
Lawd, Lawd
Died with the hammer in his hand!

Many of our folk songs were work songs...and spirituals...and the so-called songs of celebrations...the jubilee.

When the Saints Go Marching In

Oh, when the saints
Go marchin' in
Oh, when the saints go marchin' in 
Well I want to be in that number
When the saints go marchin' in

Oh, when the saints
Go marchin' in
Oh, when the saints go marchin' in
Well I want to be in that number
When the saints go marchin' in

Following the pioneers who explored and build this country, came the pioneers of science... The folks who would invent such things as the electric light...
And the airplane and automobile
And moving pictures.

The Pioneers

From all over the world they came
Looking for that "pot-of-gold"
The promise of fortune and fame
Was the story they were told

The pioneers of our country
The people who shaped our lives
And through all their trails and victories
Their spirit still survives

They gave all they had for a dream
The dream of liberty
The freedom to stand up and fight
To be all they wanted to be

The pioneers of our country
The people who shaped our lives
And though all their trails and victories
Their spirit still survivies.
Now to conclude our report on american folk songs we'd like to do a medley of some of the all-time favorites...

Polly Wolly Doodle
I went down south to see my sal
Singing "Polly Wolly Doodle" all day

My Sal she is a spunky gal
Singing Polly Wolly Doodle all day

Fare thee well, fare thee well 
Fare thee well my fairy few 
For I'm goin' to Louisiana
For to see my Susi-anna
Singing Polly Wolly Doodle all the day!

"Skip to my Lou"
Skip skip skip to my Lou
Skip skip skip to my Lou
Skip skip skip to my Lou
Skip to my Lou my darling

Lost my partner, what'll I do?
Lost my partner, what'll I do ?
Lost my partner, what'll I do?
Skip to my Lou, my darling!

"Yellow Rose of Texas"

There's a yellow rose in Texas that I am going to see 
No other soldier knows her, no soldier-only me 
She cried so when I left her, it like to broke my heart
And if I ever find her, we never more will part

She's the sweetest rose of color this soldier ever knew
Her eyes are bright as diamonds, they sparkle like the dew
You may talk about your dearest Man and sing of Rosa Lee
But the Yellow Rose of Texas beats the belles of Tennessee!

Perhaps the greatest American songwriter in the 19th century was stephen foster. and one of his most popular songs was camptown races.

"Camptown Races"

The Camptown ladies sing this song 
Doo-dah, doo-dah
The Camptown race track nine miles long
Oh, doo-dah day!

Going to run all night
Going to run all day
I'll bet my money on the bob-tail nag
Somebody bet on the bay

I came down there with my hat-caved in 
Doo-dah, doo-dah
I go back home with a pocket full of tin 
Oh, doo-dah day!

Going to run all night 
Going to run all day
I'll bet me money on the bob-tail nag 
Somebody bet on the bay!

How about this one?

"On Top of Old Smokey"
On top of Old Smokey
All covered with snow
I lost my true lover
Come a courtin' too slow
A courtin's a pleasture 
A flirtin's a grief
A false-hearted lover
Is worse than a thief.

Here is one of the most popular songs about America.

"Columbia"

Columbia the gem of the ocean
The home of the brave and free
The shrine of each patriot's devotion
A world offers homage to thee
Thy mandates make heroes assemble
When liberty's form stands in view
Thy banners make tyranny tremble
When borne by the red, white and blue

When borne by the red, white and blue
When borne by the red, white and blue
Thy banners make tyranny tremble
When borne by the red, white, and blue!

Well, we hope you enjoyed all these folk songs.
We hope you'll play them again, and sing along with us.

The end

