Rock a Bye Snoopy

Uh, oh, here they come now... and they all have their sleeping bags with them.
Hiya Snoopy ol boy, wow, you look terrible.
What's the matter with your beagle, Charlie Brown? He looks awful.
I don't know what's the matter. He hasn't been able to sleep much lately. He's up all hours of the night.
Oh, no!  That stupid Beagle licked me.
Help. Dog germs help!
It works every time.
Lucy, don't be so hard on Snoopy. 
It's not this fault he can't get to sleep.
Okay, everybody. It's lights out. 
I promised our parents we'd get a good nights sleep.
Good grief, they're already asleep now what am I going to do? 
I'm still wide awake. 
I can't just lie here awake all night.
Maybe if I sing really softly, I can sing myself to sleep..!

"Good Night, Me"
When I'm having trouble falling a sleep
All those crazy thoughts from the busy day keep
Running around in my head
Keeping me from going to bed
I just close my eyes, the stars for my blanket
I relax my sleepy body and thank it
For being so true 
Let me demonstrate to you...
Goodnight knees, goodnight paws
You deserve some special applause
For helping me to run and helping me to walk 
And to pick a pretty daisy for Woodstock
Goodnight ears, goodnight eyes
Thanks for helping me see the sunrise
And children in the park, starlight when it's dark
And to listen to the song of the meadowlark
It's nice to know I've someone I can trust
To help me through every single day
I know they'll never leave me in the dust
No matter what I ask them to do they obey!
Goodnight stomach, you're pretty neat
Thanks for telling me when it's time to eat
A chocolate chip cookie with a little spot of tea
Or banana cream pie or cherries jubilee
Or a strawberry lemon tart or apple pie ala mode 
Or a triple decker 
sundae...
Hay I'm hungry!!!!

Okay, I'm gonna slug that Beagle.
Gee, I don't know what to do. 
I've tried counting sheep...I've tried counting to a million, nothing seems to work.
Wait. 
Maybe we should try to help him.

Good Thoughts

So you can't quite get to sleep
Even thought you've counted a million sheep
Well here's my favorite plan
To take you off to dreamland...

Get rid of those bad thoughts, those sad thoughts
Those golly-gee makes you mad thoughts
Think of laughter and forget-me-nots
But don't get caught with a bad thought

Sleepytime's no time to pout
Keep the good thoughts in 
Kick the bad thoughts out 
Just relax get rid of your doubt
'Cause that's what sleepin's about

Fill your head with all of life's wonderful things
Like gingerbread
And butterfly wings
And how beautifully Woodstock sings

Or the puzzle you did 
And how good it felt when every piece fit
Or the home run I once hit
Just pick up any doubt and throw it
You'll be asleep before you know it

C'mon and practice those good thoughts
Robin Hood thoughts
Movie star in Hollywood thoughts
Try to do as you've been taught
Now's the time to give it all I've got 
Sleepytime's comin' ready or not
Just keep thinkin'those good thoughts

You've got to get more exercise, Snoopy.
Look at that stomach.
No wonder you can't sleep.
Tomorrow we'll get you into some vigorous training.
I can't wait.
What are we going to do, Charlie Brown?
Gee-uh-uh...
I guess we need a plan...
Let's see a plan...something that will help.
Linus, why don't you give him that stupid blanket of yours maybe he'll fall asleep if he has a blanket.
That sounds like a good idea.
Give up my blanket?
Are you crazy?
You know I can't do that.

Give me that blanket!
That does kind of feel snugly and warm.
No, No, No. 
I can't sleep without my blanket.
My stomach hurts. 
I think I'm going to faint. 
I have to have my blanket.

Chuck, this is the worst sleep-over I've ever been to in my life!
You know..maybe he just needs all of us to sing a good old-fashioned lullabye...something like rock-a-bye baby.
Gee, they're all going to serenade me isn't that nice? 
Maybe I'll finally get to sleep.

Rock-a-bye=baby

Rock-a-bye baby on the tree top 
When the wind blows the cradle will rock
When the bough breaks the cradle will fall
And down will come baby cradle and all

Rock, rock, rock-a-by baby 
On that little tree top
Take your little baby and swing her around
And go rockin' all around the clock
We're gonna rock and roll 'till we lose control
We're gonna hop 'n bop and we ain't never gonna stop
Gonna rock, rock, rock-a-bye baby
On that ever-lovin' tree top

All right, that's it. Come on, Linus.
We're going home. this is getting rediculous.
Grab your sleeping bag and let's go.
I guess we have to go Charlie Brown. 
Sorry we have to leave.

Gee, I'm sorry... I don't know what to say...
Gee, Everybody's leaving and it's all my fault. I feel terrible.
Good night.
Big brother i'm going in the house to sleep.

Oh, no. I can't even have a good sleep-over.

I've got it! Why didn't I think of this before? 
Of course, his favorite bed course, his favorite bed time story...The bunny wunnies!
Oh boy. 
My favorite, favorite, favorite...The Bunny Wunnies!

Bunny Wunnies

How do bunny wunnies fall asleep?
They don't waste their time counting sheep
They climb into bed all in a row
And momma bunny wunnie sings to them like so...

Goodnight bunny wunnies
Mornin' comes soon

Sleep tight bunny wunnies
Under the moon

All the stars above
A vigil keep

Goodnight bunny wunnies
Go to sleep

Goodnight bunny wunnies
Mornin' comes soon

Sleep tight bunny wunnies
Under the moon

All the stars above 
A vigil keep

Goodnight bunny wunnies
Go to sleep

Goodnight bunny wunnies 
Go to sleep

Good grief, the round-headed kid has fallen asleep.
Now what am I going to do?
On, well, it's nice to have so many friends who care about me.

I worked! I pretended to fall asleep, and now Snoopy's sleeping! Great! Well, It looks as if i've finally done something right for a chnage.
Gee, it looks like he'll sleep all night long and dream nice dreams.
I guess I'll have to say good bye for him, this time.
zzz

The End




