What are you so exdited about Snoopy?  Whats that you're reading?  The Daisy Hill puppy farm is holding a reunion. And They've asked me and my borther Spike... And my sister Belle... and a whole bunch of others to be a part of the reunion and look at this! They're going to have an athletic competition -a triathalon - where we all compete in three events... running... swimming and bike riding.
... And to top it all off - listen to this - they're going to have a dog show. They're going to pick best of breed... and the best in show. They're going to pick a champion beagle! WOW! That sounds like a log of fun. 

Best Beagle

When they see me walking into town 
They'll know I'm not you're run-of-the-mill 
Collie or oyur besset hound
Everywhere I go they'll shop and stare
In amazement of the increditble beautiful creature
They have found

I'll be the high, high beagle
The best in show
The royalest, regal-beagle one could know!
Yes, every woman and man and boy and girl
And animal in the whole wide world
Will know I'm the best in show!

With my teeth so pearly and my coat so furly
I will look like a walking cover from a magazine
I will move tall and proudly
As I move through the crowd-ly!
And they'll all day out-loudly
Look - there goes the king!

I will dine with only the finest
in my finery
They will ask me whi I seem to have
all the luck
I will giance at them, then answer 
with utmost dignity - 
"Why, it's simply because I'm the 
high mucKh-a-mucK!

Snoopy's going to a reunion at the Daisy Hill puppy farm and he's going to compete in a triathalon... and then he's going to compete in a dog show for best of breed.
Don't be ridiculous, Charlie Brown. Look at him. He's lazy and he's over-weight. How could he compete in anything?
I was thinking of biting her leg but then I started to thinking maybe she was right.
Get serious, Charles Brown. Snoopy in a dog show. The way he looks...The way he acts...Get serious Charlie Brown.
You know...sometimes that round-headed kid really is very thoughtful of me. Especially This time. Anyway, The next day peppermint patty came over to start getting me in shape.
Well I better go to the library to get a book about how to act at a dog show. and maybe i'll call peppermint patty over here to see if she can help get snoopy in shape.
Well, Snoopy ol'boy. You're in worse shape then i thought this is going to take a log of work... To get in shape for the swimming I want you to swim fifty laps a day.
I'll do whatever has to be done to wih the championship.
What about the bike - riding... and the running?

Shape UP

Shape Up

Shape up...or ship out!
That's what it's all about!
Think thin...let's begin
Cause Working out is ...in!

Let's start out simple
Touch your toes
I can't see them
underneath my nose!

Arms overhead...now
reach for the sky
You know it's hard for me
To raise my paws that high!

Now pull that stomach in
And bend those knees
Wait a minute. I think I'm
gonna sneeze!

Now try some sit-ups
You can do it, Snoopy!
Haven't I done enough...
I'm pooped!!

Forget it Snoopy...what'sthe use?
For everthing I say,
you havce a lame excuse 
If you wanna win the trophy, listen to me
Otherwise the judges won't
like what they see!

It's time for push-ups, 
o'mon. hit the floor
I'd feel much better if 
I could find the door
Now let's do some good ol' 
jumping jacks
Hey, when I get finished,
do I get a snack?

Now, it says in this book that I will have to lead you around in a circle with a leash on...Now, let me attach this leash to your collar for practice.
Oh, no...Not a leash...Anything but a leash. I can't stand those things.
All right, what do we do next? 
Well, I'd lead you around in a circle you're supposed to walk steadily and consistantly.
That's great. Then you're supposed to stand still...very still perhaps for a log time.
What for?
Well, it says the judges will come around and inspect you!
Inspect Me? What am I...a piece of meat?
You will have to take different commands from me. for example, when i say "HEEL" what do you do?
I don't know. Give you my paw?
You're doing great snoopy. you were first in swimming and second in the bike - riding and that gives you more points than anyone else.
Do you think you're too tired to do the running, Snoopy?
Of course not. Peppermint patty really got me into shape watch my thunder!

I'm Gonna Be A Winner Tonight!

This is it! This is my chance
To prove what they say 
is wrong
This is it! My turn to dance
I'll be singing a brand 
new song!

No more blockhead,
no more loser
No more laughs in my face
No more failure,
nomore bruises
No more tears to erase
Time for winning,
time for smiling
Time for doing things right 
I'm gonna be a winner
tonight!

What a break! I'll reach for
the gold
I'm gonna be flying high I can't wait to break out of 
that mold
Gonna tell all my troubles 
goodbye!

No more blockhead,
no more loser
No more ohgood grief!
No more failure, 
No more bruises
What a relief!
 
I'll have that look
of confidence
I'll be ready to take on
the world
No more the victim
of circumstance
Maybe I'll even find 
the strength
To talke to that redhaired
girl!

This is it! I'm on my way 
You won't believe what 
you'll see
I can't wait until I can say
Hey look, I'm
a brand
new me!

We're down to the finales. Snoopy all you have to do now when the judges come over here, is stay absolutely still. Don't move, be absolutely frozen. Do you understand?... Here they come, Snoopy. Get ready to freeze.
Certainly, I understand. Just like we practiced all month.

I can feel it in my bones. Charle Browns usually wrong. He means well. But the round-headed kid is wrong more times than he's right.
Here they are. Freeze Snoopy. Don't move.

Razzmatazz

Ya gotta give 'em some razzmatezz
Ya gotta show 'em a little pizzazz
That something special every winner has 
Give 'em some razzmatazz!

A little more than they bargained for 
A special trick the judgee can't ignore
Leave 'em begging for even more
Give 'em some razzmatazz!

Hey Snoopy, just stand still
For the first time in my live I have chance!
Please Snoopy, if only you will...
Say you know I think I'm gonna dance!

Ya gotta give 'em some razzmatazz
Ya gotta show 'em a little pizzazz
That something special every winner has 
Give 'em some razzmatazz!

A little more than they bargained for 
A special trick the judges can't ignore
Leave 'em begging for even more
Give 'em some razzma
Give 'em some razzma
Give 'em some razzmatazz!

I don't believe it. Not only am I a loser, my dogs a loser too.
What happened? Did I win? Where's the blue ribbon? Where are the TV cameras?
You didn't win. The judges disqualified you. You lost everything.
What??? I'm not best of breed. I'm not best in show?...Who?
Your brother spike.
My Brother Spike?!!!!
In fact he's being crowned over there right now by that very pretty poodle.
I told you that stupid beagle would goof it up. 
Now just a minute Lucille. Snoop did great he just got a little carried away at the end.
He tried his best that's all he can do thats all anyone can do...
I liked the way she put that.
Well I didn't win, but I learned how to get in shape.
Winning isn't everything anyway.
And I learned how much people care about me peppermint patty worked a log of days with me to get me in shape and charlie brown spent many hours teaching me how t act.
Even though Snoopy lost first prize, we did learn how we could work together and now Snoopy's a triathlete too.

The End






